So let's review some of the options that we have here in the newcomers settings that you can see that
first we have the general and Frank if you can change the location of this store.
You can see at the moment is United States California but you can change anytime the location of your
store.
Then we have to send in locations from here you can select the countries where you want to sell your
brokes you can select all the countries all said to all countries except for you cannot some countries
where you you want to send.
Maybe you find trouble sending products to that countries or something.
Then you have said specific countries if you only want to sell to some specific countries you cannot
live right here.
You can ask for example the hour our Jerry hour or something like that in this day countries the only
countries where you can sell your brogues.
So let's get all the countries name we have the shipping locations.
These waters really really seem that.
So for example you are maybe selling digital and physical books you can sell to other countries but
maybe you want to sell only digital prose to some specific countries so you can play with these values
to sell the other countries by ownership to some specific countries.
That's something really nice about commerce.
Then you can see that we have the default customer location and you can see that we have your locate
so you can see for example we have some products here on the cot and I'm going to remove these of the
the card number.
Now the card is going to be empty.
So are you going to get them to shop and leftside for example.
These are said what about where and what have the brown whether new Navy in each and they were playing
with gello and meet you at the card you can see we have $5 and you can get them you got a
so you can see the customer match.
So on United States and said check out and for example using the geo locate in reading the IP of the
user will change these right here and live in Mexico.
Will the United States buy.
Maybe it's because I changed the law right here.
But you can use your locate and this will at least feel the value for the country your readers.
So now you have and they will DOCSIS if you want to charge taxes you can enable or disable you have
to make sure that the products that you're selling maybe they are tax free or you have to make sure
if you have to pay taxes.
So make sure that you make some research about the products that you're selling.
And if you have to pay taxes this one is not is.
This is really really nice.
For example you can enable these and you can create a method of sort of going at something like Bichette
for the weekend.
20 percent off in all your plans use the coupon when percent of weaken something like that.
You can save the changes in open the front end of your site and you can see on the bottom we have these
Notice special for the weekend.
Twenty percent of you know they are they're using coupons 20 percent all weekend.
So that's something nice if a hobby a big sale or if you are trying to make some maintainance on your
Web site you can send a notice using this option that's something really nice.
Then we cover the currency options.
You can change dollars and the position left or right in the space or without the space separator and
the number of decimals.
Something really important here is the currency.
So for example let's say I have a brother right here at.
So that's up in these from.
You can see at the moment the company in it's $50.
Maybe you want to change these to make a Mexican pestle.
If you change it to Mexican peso you have to make the changes right here because if you change the Mexican
peso and you live this is going to charge fifty pesos which is less than $1.
So if you decide to make a change in the currency remember you have to make changes in all the products
of your store.
So you have to make the changes in other shipping methods and everything.
So make sure that you have the correct currency before adding the products and everything.
So this is it for the general section in the next video is what are going to continue working with these.
And then I show you each of these dives that we have in the Settings tab of Commerce.